Add your definitions to the keywords below.
Algorithm - a list of step by step instructions, that when followed solve a problem.
Instructions - a code that tells you to do something. 
Program - a collection of instructions.
Software - programs and operating instructions used by a computer.
Application - a particular type of omputer system used for a specific task
Platform - the layer that controls your hardware, which means that the programs can run on it.
Programming Language - a languge that allows you to communicate with  a machiene.
Machine Code - a computer language eg binary. 
Low-level language - one line of code relates to one level on the CPU
High-level language - nearer to english 
Software Engineering - studing of software and being able to program and edit code
Interface - something that allows you to communticate with the computer, the way that the user interacts with the computer
Compiler - transforms code into another computer language.
Interpreter - a program that can intpret and execute a program.
Linker - provides links between the complier and libraries needed to exectue a problem.
Debugger - helps ypou to find errors in a programing code
Operating Systen - software that manages a computers hardware as well as providing a user interface
Self Booting - 
Web Server - 
Platform - 
Kernel - 
Process - 
Interface - the way that the user interacts with the computer
Security - 
Multi Tasking - Doing several tasks at the same time with different software
Command Line - 
GUI - graphical User Interface
Voice Input - 
Examplers of Operating Systems - IOS, Android, OS X, Linux, Google Chrome OS
Peripheral - anything outside of the CPU
Driver - 
Firmware - 
Embedded System - 
Client - 
Utility Software - software that helps the computer to analyze,configure,optimize and maintain
Security Utilities - keep the file and data in the computer safe
Spyware - technology that able to gather information about a person or organisation without their knowledge
Trojan - a file designed to pass of as another to bypass firewalls and antivirus
Worm - standalone malware that allow computer to replicates itself in order to spread to other computers
Firewall - it protects information of a private computer from other network
Degragmenter - process that allow the reduce of fragmentation
Editor - 
Pretty Printer - changes the codes colour therefore making it more readable
Assemblers - program that enable computer to convect basic instrutions into bits and perform its operation
Assembly Language - It is a low-level programming language
Off the shelf software - Immediately available and sold commercially (can be downloaded and costs less)
Custom written software - Software written for a specific customer to order (costs a lot more)
Proprietary Software - it is a close source software which means that users are not allow to access the source code
Open Source Software - a software where that can be edited by anyone
